README.md, before:

﻿# Frame Extractor
 
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/523230/234333718-81961446-0478-4063-8da4-2f20db198310.mp4

This application allows users to load a video, control playback (frame-by-frame, scrubbing, play/pause), and export individual frames as images.

## Requirements

- Python 3.7 or later
- PyQt5
- PyQt5-sip
- ffmpeg
- ffpyplayer

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/frame_extractor.git
    cd frame_extractor
    ```

1.  Create a virtual environment and activate it:

    ```
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate # Linux/macOS
    venv\Scripts\activate # Windows
    ```

1. Install the required dependencies:
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

1. Run the application:
    ```
    python main.py
    ```

2. Load a video file by clicking the "Open" button.

3. Control the video playback using the play/pause button, slider, and next frame button.

4. Click the "Export Frame" button to save the current frame as an image.

5. The exported frames will be saved in the "output" folder within the project directory.

Commit message:

Updated README with link to codec package and updated requirements list.

README.md, after:

﻿# Frame Extractor
 
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/523230/234333718-81961446-0478-4063-8da4-2f20db198310.mp4

This application allows users to load a video, control playback (frame-by-frame, scrubbing, play/pause), and export individual frames as images.

## Requirements

- Python 3.7 or later
- Native video codecs installed so the QT Media Player can decode/playback the video and extract frames: https://www.codecguide.com/download_kl.htm (the basic package is likely enough, pay attention during install to avoid extra software)
- PyQt5 (installed from requirements.txt below)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/frame_extractor.git
    cd frame_extractor
    ```

1.  Create a virtual environment and activate it:

    ```
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate # Linux/macOS
    venv\Scripts\activate # Windows
    ```

1. Install the required dependencies:
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

1. Run the application:
    ```
    python main.py
    ```

2. Load a video file by clicking the "Open" button.

3. Control the video playback using the play/pause button, slider, and next frame button.

4. Click the "Export Frame" button to save the current frame as an image.

5. The exported frames will be saved in the "output" folder within the project directory.
